while Audi their internet people it's Bo
again so in the comments of that last
video a whole bunch of truckers going
you didn't even mention us what you know
because y'all are getting your own video
I wanted to wait until certain messaging
went out because I'm going to describe
what happens if y'all take two weeks off
y'all go on a two-week vacation and
y'all know what that means you know
y'all are fully aware of everything I'm
about to say you you know how important
you are to the functioning of this
country but I'm not sure that most
Americans are and with everything going
on I wanted to make sure everybody was
aware that there is no supply issue
there's plenty of supplies what we're
seeing right now is due to a spike in
demand we have increased demand there's
no supply issue increased demand is why
the shelves are empty
okay there's plenty of supply it's
coming I wanted to make sure that that
was a well known before I describe this
the other thing I want to point out is
that this is not going to happen
in the in the current mess that we're in
this is not a realistic scenario
everything I'm about to say you can find
more in depth I'm just going to hit that
the highlights everything I'm about to
say
every three-letter agency in the world
is fully aware of their our contingency
plans and continuity of society plans
continuity government plans that are all
focused on making sure this doesn't
happen there are plans to have soldiers
pressed into service to run the trucks
if need be this isn't going to happen in
this mess that we're in right now
however when we're done after this is
over when everything settles down we're
gonna be revamping our infrastructure
this is something we might want to look
at
because while it isn't a realistic
possibility in this current mess there
are scenarios in which this could happen
okay so welcome to the stuff of
nightmares
right now truck stopped rolling 24 hours
from now there are fuel shortages that
fast there are fuel shortages there are
medical supply shortages that fast your
mail stops Ronnie so know Amazon there's
there's no getting stuff from out of
town delivered okay 48 to 72 hours so 2
to 3 days after the truck stop you start
seeing food shortages cash is not
available at the ATM there is no gas you
don't have shortages there's no gas it
just it's not their garbage begins to
pile up and this is where we start to
see the breakdown of the supply chain so
yeah we have railroads and shipping and
all of this stuff it all requires trucks
to get it from the rail yard or wherever
to its final destination at this point
porch grind to a halt
relish cards grind to a halt it all
starts within three days without trucks
everything stops within a week you don't
see cars on the road anymore because
those who are lucky enough to have to
get gas that last day while they've used
it at this point is when your favorite
fast-food joint starts running out they
last a little longer because most have
walk-in freezers your big-box stores and
your grocery stores most operate on
just-in-time delivery or zero inventory
whatever the buzzword is that they're
using right now
what that means is the truck shows up
and it goes out on the floor for you to
buy they don't have a back room
like they used to this is to reduce
overhead however you see the issue with
it
two weeks after the truck stop you got
to be careful with your tap water the
supplies and the equipment used to clean
it it's not coming
the estimate is two weeks after that you
better not be drinking anything without
boiling it
that's how critical trucking is to the
United States now this is our
infrastructure this is this is it as it
stands right now when this is over we're
going to be revamping a lot of our
infrastructure we're going to be
rebuilding it we have to decide how to
build it and while this isn't a scenario
that's going to play out during this
mess it could play out in others and
this is something we might want to
address zero inventory is great for
corporate profits you know it reduces
their overhead however in an emergency
well you've seen the results to tie it
to the other video you know when the
trucker cuts you off by accident let it
slide especially right now they've got
to keep rolling and a lot of them are
not let's just say their log books may
be a little askew at the moment because
they're trying to get everything
everybody needs anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night